THE UNITY AND UNREAL RIVALRY
Unreal and Unity are best game engines for VR development. I found out that both Unreal and Unity have their own advantages.
As I am comfortable with using Unity 5 I decided to learn Unreal first to make an unbiased comparision. As I now know a bit about Unreal 
4, I have felt that Unreal is great but not more programmer friendly. And as I searched on internet, I found out that it is a common view.
Unreal is one step ahead in nearly every area of graphics but Unity has a much larger community. It is well evident from the fact that 
Microsoft partnershiped with Unity and not Unreal and Unity happens to be the platform of choice for HoloLens development. Furthermore 
for AR, Vuforia on Unity or even OpenCV and unity work pretty well, but they don't exist on Unreal. Unreal's tutorials available largely
cater to only designers.
Unreal Engine is better suited to three dimensional capabilities. For better virtual reality experience the engine of choice has got to
 be Unreal Engine. However it doesn’t really matter if we have a good art team. Unity has the longest track record with mobile games and 
 if we want to make VR project for mobiles, say using Samsung gear or Google Cardboard, Unity is well suited for it as it supports Mobile 
 development better than Unreal.
In my opinion, future of Unreal as well as Unity stays same like it's today. Unity will be used more for mobile VR and Unreal for more 
photorealistic experience with Occulus or HTC vive.
Also using Blueprint isn't really a good idea in Unreal as it decreases performance by 10 times on an average when compared to using C++. 
Having blueprint in Unreal makes it better for non programmers actually. For coders, there aren't much resources for learning as well as 
help on doubts. They hardly answer on the Unreal support. The Unreal community is too small when compared to Unity.

Unreal 4 is good, however the development is slower than Unity. It is easier to pump out programs in Unity than in Unreal. Unreal has 
better performance (though only if we use C++ and not Blueprint) and is more highly optimized for what it does (which is primarily 
small-world applications). It can be pretty punishing if we mishandle it which is not the case with Unity 5.

Unreal has always been considered as a game engine having better graphics and it does have. However Unity 5 has seen great improvement 
in rendering too (most of the conversations which convey that Unity graphics are inferior to Unreal graphics actually date back before 3
March 2015, before even Unity 5 was launched). With the release of Unity 5 came many new features that enabled developers to make
beautiful, next-gen AAA scenes. Unreal 4 gives better graphics but it doesn't matter much if we focus well enough on arts and design too.

I finally choose to work with UNITY 3D because it is more flexible. 
